feat: fx and interscheme implementation (#492)
mojaloop/account-lookup-service: docs/Proxy/P2P.md

# P2P flow across network using Proxy
This design make the following assumptions
1. No two connected participant have the same identifier
1. No limit checks are done against proxy participants

> 1. Get \transaction request are resolved at the payee scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get /transactionRequests are resolved at the payee scheme
```
